[ZT] mention CASB remediation guides (#5491)
cloudflare/cloudflare-docs: content/cloudflare-one/applications/scan-apps/_index.md

## View security findings

> In the [Zero Trust Dashboard](https://dash.teams.cloudflare.com/), navigate to **CASB** > **Findings**. You will see a list of all security issues detected and steps for resolving each issue.

Author: ```suggestion
1. Go to **CASB** > **Findings**.
2. To view details for an individual finding, select **View**.  You will see all detected instances of the finding as well as a step-by-step guide for resolving the issue.
```
